so now I want to show you
new firmware this entry and how firmware
for but kipisha 2 28
Most likely there will not be more firmware
June 7th modified
and official
right now I'm just specifically running
what to show how fast
starts up
I even tried the phone
almost ready to work for such
short period of time
katie he
about allowing access to the Internet
I'll show you now
what is it really
version fifty
and here are fifty
one
but al 1
as we see
but pretty
cool firmware
that is, it is officially for Russia
pole position but out
I tried a special set
40th firmware
however got on the computer
and tried to update in Ukraine officially we
by e
I did not succeed
he showed that update
missing
although I did not put any patches
pure original firmware
and who we are with the Ukrainian product code
it follows that
in Ukraine it is still impossible to say
but I think that this time there were many years
all the same will appear
while the best work
in the menu in principle
change a little but they
as such are present
first one of the changes
and now I'll show you this game appeared
standard schoolmate not
will need
skirmishes but still mikati neck
changed
skype to click a chance although maybe it's me
Karelia somehow that we are someone else me
new machine
some part listens to android
apparatus
i can't see it for me just
unusually
here are the games
peter the fifth game appeared stupid
I will honestly say
This game was certainly not bad but
principle bothers
in year
of change also in firmware
it seems to me that the camera has become
it is better
it went the city hall didn't improve no
announced
how is she affordability 6
but let's say it
so far the premiere of filming
made by
here
this premiere video
etozh my new machine
Well, in general, then
saw the video
this is our holiday
link to
brand
now we will see
people repressed pen is not
means Iran
flying used a newer version
browser
it is surprising for me to discover
and he
immediately quickly showed
one more thing that appeared
03 to unlock
crew political scientist
such things were glued
in other trading
official reign that is
no change
no strength
immediately after the firmware
official firmware appeared
shift
for unlocking table st very
nicely
if you use the original
firmware yes
if you don't want modifications
how to say not having
Here I look exactly suspicious
he will show b3
but this is again because
in that period
twice repainted
and yet there is
because of this battery and so all the same hooked
new roman
better city worked role got
Balashovskaya
I would like that comes later from this harmful
deciding what to eat
Immediately see that the quality is taken but
Seen will not very the system and he us
threes
it's a shame you at least something camera 3 2
megapixels
plan log and cameral did
much better though it and 2 megapixels
but here 30 frames per second to take
and when boys do better
that is, the quality is even better
even picture quality
here's another planet earlier
keyboard guards changed
principle
the characters are big and comfortable
let's move the repressions to the screen
because you have to push it hard
so good too
at one more hour
extreme brightness
as far as she
has changed
but the Ryazan defense imperceptibly attache
only 6 replaced
but this is the original picnic firmware
village council done
very cool
that is, if anyone has something
Yes, the phone account data remained
advised he understandably passed
crb
in year
everybody probably thank you all for watching
goodbye
I will do before the district dallakyan
that is, I really want to personally ask you about
How old is she
uncritical
There is no city connection icon
thank you all for watching goodbye